# GartnerMicroservices

Pros: Scalability, new features and capabilities, continuous delivery of services
Cons: Complex and culturally disruptive architectural model, requires significant investment in people, processes and platforms, very different in terms of traditional data management, reporting and analysis, highly skilled application architects and DevOps engineers

Microservices are scalable application components that are loosely couples and strongly encapsulated. Microservices architecture relates to the service-oriented architeturce and domain-driven design that are used to deliver distributed applications. It is an architectural paradigm, as well as an implementation model for building services and cloud-native applications. The main objectives of microservices architecture is development agility, deployment flexibility, and precise scalability. 

An organization must be mature enough, have a new and complex application infrastructure, as well as an application delivery team that have strong architectural skills and know agile and DevOps practices in order to adopt microservices. If the organiztaion does not make the changes necessary to adopt microservices, the efforts will fail. Also the microservices should be used for a dynamic system so that the organization is able to utilize the scalability and new features to the fullest extent. There are alternatives to organizations that may be missing these key aspects of adopting a microservice and may utilize a miniservice or other low-code methods.  

I think it's interesting that is refered to as "microservice". They touch on this in the article. Microservice does not refer to the size or scalability of the product but is referencing the independent deployment and continuous delivery of the application. The article also compares microservice to miniservices and macroservices, which I had not previously known. So, while microservice tends to focus on the continuous delivery aspect, miniservice focuses on improving agility and macroservice focues on enabling access. Also, I found it intersting that the term "microservice" can be misused when referring to services, APIs, and containers.  
